Remove PyVAST in favor of new Python bindings (#2674)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/changes/2674--removed-pyvast.md

> VAST's new Python bindings supersede PyVAST. PyVAST continues to work as a thin
> wrapper around the VAST binary, but will no longer be released alongside VAST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We removed PyVAST from the code base in favor of the new Python bindings. PyVAST
continues to work as a thin wrapper around the VAST binary, but will no longer
be released alongside VAST.
```
